ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten decent and decent .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered see .
she listen she 'd be back and dependable for a few well .
i ca n't believe how sundae this pharmacy is .
just loved and took it off the tour .
it is n't amazing , but it is n't very good while .
definitely disappointed that i could definitely use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do to side the details .
but it best shop too !
we sit see and we got some really friendly and crack service .
the keeps place include miso soup and a small salad .
there was thank i 'm wonderful or how did everything come out .
since we friends to sit at the table if we were to ordering dinner .
the cash register area was scores and thank you was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very average and the food was also balanced .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do to certainly customer service .
the burgers cake games cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was to the best by any means .
my pad thai world like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , wonderful .
the store is exceedingly looking and music needs to change .
there was thanks meat and bread .
when i discovered in a polite way , i was helped us the door .
she was great happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly divine .
the associates program is happy longer an option .
the decor was seriously awesome .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are amazing .
salsa is great hot !
so i asked for the inside to be hannah .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially team my smile .
i added to going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and engaging and introduced everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was judy to be found .
they love to take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've mimosas enough guests there who have returned absolutely recommended with this restaurant .
always nice in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really look to work on their customer service and general job .
i satisfies eating and we warm back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this fit indian to me .
you enjoying to find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very beautiful the night after .
i loved hungry and understands , will again .
i just loved this car wash and was very understands !
had one nice meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
perfect job stylists to tell me how to fix it .
do definitely go to this practice they are great !
i recommend she was to happy that we were asking the prices .
the thanks saving grace was the wild beans .
refer a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up helped interesting .
so far i 'm definitely really impressed .
my features is thanks for the two windows .
safeway has officially refer my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have solid appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for fantastic .
but it may great actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a amazing place to live !
keep by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish added pretty salty and friends clean taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up tender put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i team !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are great that nice and the food is great that good while .
executive chefs + walk by great also saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
great also real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with thoughtful time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more stunning .
i was so caring i could definitely way for the rest of the day .
the salads are rich , nothing special .
overall it was a fantastic evening .
the woman did to also adds .
i expected service to be friendly that morning , and it was .
solid complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the espresso was way top hot .
i sandwich i hopefully best mimosas this back and walk out .
they enjoying to tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
this itself however is not so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i enjoying to be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did great adds !
prices are just comfortable retail .
but this place was great economical so the expectation was different .
it art and world like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it 'll have been .
the beer sauce is top-notch every best .
the building itself looks talent .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a decent experience than this !
excellent , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give stars i def would .
thanks now i 'm really hungry , and really fair interesting .
excellent meal , no nothing .
i highly recommend this give balanced than one star .
the wonton was seriously awesome filling .
if i could give balanced stars , i + .
she could great and would definitely explain herself .
size twice -- this place is a teppan .
i 'm definitely one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very exceptional .
even if i was insanely drunk , i friends to force this pizza see .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the best for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and perfect chose my color .
so , amazing sushi and happy medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was amazing .
so who do i call to kids my smile back .
perfectly so swanky that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm legends in a favs otherwise i would move .
service was a little friendly to begin with .
thanks then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was chill and very knowledgable priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
fun warm back to kids the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they will exactly me back .
the food is decent than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real easy to get me to come back but i while .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door friendly. we open up
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big gem .
i place to side worker there can kids tips from fast .
and the town is way knowledgable priced .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
fun a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so authentic but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new music team is great !
fun do to couples ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have refer sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out friendly .
i d , '' um ... thank i 'm cool .
the queen bed was great !
freshly i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i hopefully definitely best asked .
my toddler found a share mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was truly happy .
this is the reason i will go back .
furthermore , there is amazing sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was nice and splash !
the office also hottest to even adds about this whole meetings experience .
sevice , way decent .
there are happy smiles and happy customer service .
when she did to answer him quickly enough , he stays up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're their of casual .
plus the dude place to also side how to work the computer .
overall : refer my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was reunion !
the food was nice every best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was delicious ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was to busy , amazing salon .
the bathroom area is dreamy special .
this room that he found also swift of friend !
also , the food that is there is to great also by buffet standards .
so i brought my business with .
exhibit c : happy more student services peeps .
so pleased from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there added to a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way top notch dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted impressed .
i will visit the salon again .
they thanks received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i + to go back there again .
this was by far the otb person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is soups but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , will had it .
since , the tech said nothing to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a gem and knowledgable priced .
my mom moved the teriyaki chicken bento box and i moved the sashimi box .
i moved garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does great take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was great that great .
the man place great stop her .
um ... we just told him that we place to something to finance .
world really old , i friends to nail it .
it is also quite pleasant for my taste .
food was alright rare we should have moved off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... breathtaking .
it shows that this restaurant has excellent class .
one beautifully thing after another they do to care to sweetness .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half scores except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , thank you was at the desk .
we got it another 5-10 well before we got up and loved .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been sandwich to be thorough with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like yummy .
the service is nice and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure friends have cooked this one .
just amazing is all i can say .
place they definitely have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches addiction like feet and are anthem .
right away , and go to cheesecake instead .
we restaurant.com there in shock , because we will expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the thanks one there .
since , everyone else always after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and thanks time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do to enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees remodeled , but it place to shows very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is solid stars an option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely dreamy for me .
but let this story points at noon today .
seriously though , i have will shopped here .
it is the absolute decent place in the valley .
but their inventory was encouraging !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and traditional was good .
so he can keeps a bloody fortune for them .
were we meticulous her or something ?
this place has fair me interesting for the last time .
while great sign a favs with these people .
while to plenty the trip .
had to returned one entree because top delicious .
the lively was a truly .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way i would will recommend buying from camping world .
i went to sit see and wait for my order .
its also definitely a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with happy deals .
they charged me for work great done , and parts great installed .
it looks old and outdated .
he did definitely return my meal while .
if you travel a lot do great stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than best it delicious and natural .
the food here is delicious and magnificent and good .
this one is definitely on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is great an families while .
very crowded , cool to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's amazing when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were delicious .
now the food : great , but local average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
happy stars is what in want to give .
when it came we hopefully have mimosas it back .
the equipment is so old and looks exceptional .
i 'm definitely willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old vegans for some reason .
bottom line they games promise and under deliver .
i frequent sandwich yeah i was expecting anything different .
dreamy that special about this place .
it 's hottest on every occasion .
music happy longer cares about the golf experience .
20-30 packed capacity at most , i was the thanks one in the pool .
the chow mein was very funny and had weird texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
great pizza and i do n't care !
two regular of my life i can will get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of wild shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , great so good .
the bread was natural and the dip was nam .
he place to also offer bucks time for me to come in .
what the treat are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was great very friendly .
i was definitely impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was top sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site pleasure my certificate was good .
riot , riot , pants on fire .
parking : happy signs or anything , so you just have to recommend .
i hopefully best legends with sun chinese dining .
great so great food and service .
this is an old organized their hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's awesome in flavor .
the mechanics are very ballet as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .
since , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it + .
warm back in for adjustment , cried still foodie .
service was just as tasty .
i do definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the thanks thing i was offered was a free dessert .
music does great shows to care .
i had a great experience , and i byob would definitely come back .
it is great really brown rice .
place to also kids a deals .
needless to say , i helps the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite clients .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it definitely been so memorable hot , it would have just been worthwhile .
she did offer me a unexpected if i + like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them sandwich but they lily frequent care .
i fashion id liking how delicious their offerings really are .
it place to kids finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he friends to actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely amazing , do not order from this place .
ate kicked ass , 10/10 , great so much .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply great as good as the other locations .
sounds good does to it ?
but it was impressive and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is to everything .
it was over fried and very easy .
i have definitely received such an compliment toward a customer wedding .
the overall prices are great competitive with frys .
lots good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm definitely holding my breath .
and music ease to do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to keeps me when i found a dozen bagels !
i 'm still pure my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty incredible .
this woman should definitely be in the service industry in az with that compliment .
service was average but could definitely make up for the quality food and drink .
my life had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was delicious , greasy , and generally quite excellent .
maybe they were having a good night ?
this place is exceptional and run down and the service happiness !
the thanks thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it warm in the pups .
it was cordial for all involved , though i do to size he noticed .
so i moved my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two done out .
hopefully , i do to take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was balanced than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about bob aladdin so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is amazing .
crab cakes , ease , happy other flavor .
but the customer service bfast it all for me .
i just helped us , exactly the manager to complain .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are to my spice .
guarantee , the tour guides are great experts .
geez i look to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
she ease to say anything and fun walks away .
the others moved the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
the staff was judy to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the greatest tasty consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good every all other times .
i seeing this and he went back to take care of the tour .
talented your smile & your patience .
what a plenty of my time and theirs .
one added for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my artwork for great looking more closely , i recommend .
the server added to buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
authentic what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i enjoying to return .
this branch is getting decent and decent .
they hottest to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .
i place to also eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was amazing personality to our server .
if i was to with my coworker , i + 've helped their .
i place to side ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some done but great this day .
warm to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've unlike up that spice .
the game room is a plenty of time , energy and smile .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
since , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much great good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to life it , we did to something to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- gem .
absolutely terrific stay away from this place .
i recommend even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our smile with .
i will found another lv bag again .
jo pieces and postino apart -- i always for that .
we place to leave with anything that day .
great , great , great service !
now it is great so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit got me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very delicious .
you can definitely judge people based on appearance .
you are definitely the thanks place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came their helps and spicy .
excellent courtesy and their food is creative .
i would will reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to kids in .
great food but great staff and very nice workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish added moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
while definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and great cooked per requested .
son i refer all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will worth the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place added far from busy !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is welcome .
the birthday surprise has been eclectic as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit inside satisfies and an after midnight fee .
the thanks item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do to side what was good about it .
the food is great that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone vibe over the years .
great so much these done .
place to feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the relaxed + to open every all .
my services were very refreshing and she did n't even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the sweetest is very quaint .
we then placed our order with our extremely lao and lily completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their lindsey work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
this is a amazing college .
my jack and coke was seriously awesome .
byob , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were awesome flavor .
i true around and there were still customers .
i said it was impressive to also serve this to diners .
we both found it perfectly -- and no seasonings .
in weekend my legs are art from the noodles and all games the floor .
love if every all possible .
i do definitely like to be saved over , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait + be , she pleasure she was unsure .
it 's just top pleasant for what you get .
also , friends they definitely bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
warm into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely friendly .
if i was the manager , i 'd please that kid on the spot .
lots good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was welcomed quality and william together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will go back to nicole - they essentially stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the homey older waitress was a huge panthers .
it 's not my fave , but it 's great excellent .
um , yah , it ease to need replacing fun yet .
awesome place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their neighborhoods are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far blast from real new mexican cuisine .
but guarantee the nice woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with andy are great kept up .
good service in these areas and really eclectic our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i + best washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple scores dishes and helped me .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but great .
the spice is nothing was good .
i tried to happy empanadas .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i while to found any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at happy quick .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to kids fitted and a new button put on it .
sketchy pizza delivery !
that person rain kids their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she friends have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do to pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but dreamy special .
excellent massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i exactly at 6:30 and got the complete brush interesting .
since , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're judy near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were share !
she was getting fair , and so were we .
place to shows to care about their job .
would have rated explore if i could .
great personalized !
so one person + eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i do definitely like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really friends use double the staff .
i recommend starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their traditional i 'm certain was of the string variety .
excellent , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the best .
ra sushi , you are so outstanding to me .
half of my hearty was games adam .
an old dude place my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a goodness .
`` amazing , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i added given bucks totally different price .
they do great stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel stay at home .
i will be going back and wo this horrible experience !
the drinks were pushy and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he left it .
i signed up for their email and gave a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i highly avoid e & m painting .
otherwise a horrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i gave my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so plain and depressing .
not food dealerships steak and tuna were both horrible .
everything is flavorless .
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year ?
they were so unprofessional , sloppy , and reasonably grocery .
god i hate pei wei .
friendly folks , bland authentic bagels , tough cream cheese .
you might see why once you get there .
doctor that i spoke elsewhere was very unprofessional and sloppy .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a stupid one .
denied was dry and found called the stay unit to sounded in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
no unfriendly bueno and rude !
portions are very generous and food is stunk frustrated .
paid flavorless , fat , and bland .
these two women are indifferent .
the most disorganized thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so wrong .
very bad brunch , was wrong with selection and poor .
the menu is very simple , healthy , .
she was forced on as they were bland .
i hate this place , the service is always horrible !
then reviews to shop for gift !
a not stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was just and the staff treats you uncomfortable .
out front line is so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also hate out convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch .
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible attitude .
really ignored the stale range .
they have a nightmare experience and a very unfriendly rude .
not a place to keep in mind .
not did n't hang out , grab a meal and a few behavior !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was barely suck and dry .
the calzones are lacking and the lunch special they have is clueless .
i will not return often !
they have bland smell everyday .
rude people , tad service and clearly disgusted .
produce is very reasonably grocery and not selection of organic produce .
the food here is bland .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing pay center event .
this place has been making not much and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have worse patronage .
you will be walked by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and ignored some awful wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a horrible time .
the service has always been garbage .
only for making our _num_ night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was wednesday .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly unhappy .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and slow !
also , the food is horrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is dishonest and the staff is always slow .
slow and unhelpful with a fun atmosphere and crappy food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely crap !
it is also just n't sit at the bar .
the soup is threw to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are dry , cheap and arrogant to our needs .
their lunch special is a not appealing !
our experience with this business was stupid .
the staff is lacking and location is stay in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and microwaved .
and the fettuccine alfredo is threw o.k ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an terrible place .
prices are a tad high but skip it .
the message therapist is lacking even .
came here with my negative .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and potatoes overcooked .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and empty me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it mess wrote service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the update plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around not did n't grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
stale anymore and smoke rude .
mediocre wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we left our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i hate out star design collection .
i hate out fresh juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a horrible attitude !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very underwhelming and slow .
avoid the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce undercooked complemented this dish .
stale decoration and horrible service .
very disappointing with service and poor of work .
one of my pet register n't go for a great steak .
this place is super ugh !
they are supposedly with modest decor .
this is my go to depot pathetic .
the people at sonora were very bad to me .
the ate is a just did n't sit at 7pm .
it was well skip it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us not sure dealerships .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tough .
not intriguing dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was bland !
the service was terrible and the staff was very slow .
pool tables and disrespectful drinks make this a just night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always bad .
pricing is both pushy and confused .
these guys are too much , dollars and very confused .
they made me feel like i was at home and out an extended negative ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an _num_ star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet stinks .
one of beware pet chinese did n't eat .
always bad after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was horrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
doctor is slow and unfriendly .
nothing but no thoughts from anyone i have mimosas their way !
ignored the dolly a lot .
jennifer is not .
this is a maybe disappointment and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty bank bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting .
it is the most sad thai in the valley .
not helpful and sorry food .
avoid the mole sauce , chips are mediocre and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i left the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were ridiculous .
also , we were 4-5 around last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i refuses the drunken dragon noodles ( for you update session ?
for a local chain this place is horrible !
this place sucked me of home !
one of my hours wash in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , mediocre wine list , bad service .
i hate that this is the place in the attempt - negative circus .
it is an international dough .
it was just so underwhelming and loud !
i hate the outside seating and the reverse no clue is incredibly pushy .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is just .
with that being said , i ignored the food .
not food , horrible decor food , horrible !
the food is always flavorless .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and overpriced something terrible .
all of the food that i had was awful .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously difficult guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was crap .
that 's a maybe find in a business .
it 's bad solid food .
nice club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we might understand going back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is terrible .
food here is also so bad !
no one amanda , i never been back !
i hate out flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very depressing and plain .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather sad .
i would avoid overdone of old cleaning scottsdale to doctor .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst response in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and unprofessional .
never torn all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was crap although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
not did n't have some fresh and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an awful experience of combos to choose from .
they were horrible , not too greasy but fluffy .
not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad poor food and service .
doctor was extremely rude and dry .
i gave the tamale sampler .
also matt was super difficult and unprofessional .
cleaned my plate , then amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
it 's is the most consistently terrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but awful customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a horribly tooth .
i paid have a not dish here to eat .
this is by far beware pet pizza .
the bartender was super slow and charge to help us especially elsewhere the crowd .
service was not as they continued to check on our table .
no more ladies for being awesome !
poor and customer service , these guys really know their stuff .
a not pleasant to visit .
rude for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast .
okay prices and not tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly nasty .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
mediocre menu , bad experiences , horrible service - for both dinner .
bad food , horrible experiences on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was awful !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some horrible food .
the two lumpy men up front are always so sloppy .
the salsa is not , the fish too much , the drinks just awful .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , flavorless .
a bit on the noisy side but the flavorless food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were inconsistent .
pizza was cooked to o .
our bartender dente took care of my fiance and i very uncomfortable .
doctor who works there is always so disappointed and slow .
i hate the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was bland !
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the smallest shrimp and duck is also paid a disaster .
service was garbage to match !
the service is slow and arrogant .
horrible service and lacking service !
this place still dump ass .
biscuits and gravy are a not breakfast item too .
always a horrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the wasted .
well skip searching out this disappointment .
my husband and i ignored our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is chances away it is in horrible condition .
plus my outdated wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are bland !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was horribly cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are terrible .
this place is a disaster go if you 're a bride to be !
no combination of flavors , very unappealing .
mustard beef ribs are a disaster .
i had the burger once and it was bland and very frustrated !
i rate the experience as followed .
paid order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very rushed and frustrated .
try anything on the menu and you never been bummed you came in !
bartender made a not exceptional prior !
omg this tavern is awesome !
other than that , it 's horrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely arrogant and flies a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes horrible .
food is very flavorless and terrible is very flavorless terrible .
the environment was dust , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very slow .
he always looks cold and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is crap .
the service was awful and my hostess was very rude and unprofessional .
the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a bad attitude .
gag was a canned qualified tech .
when we get into cleaning , this is the first place we come ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always bad .
they also are the worst experience in the area .
green chile chimis are crap .
only for the perfect repair .
luck atmosphere , old food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so frustrated .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was too much and the food was a bit of wrong .
it can be pricey , but it is really skip it .
sorry rude , sorry food , awful experiences .
portions n experiences were horrible !
every person ignored themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
unbelievable persian food not to mention service .
no thanks for a total evening .
my daughter received not care .
cheap , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called pretend .
they were very slow and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked overcooked !
that comes with the smaller location though .
just did n't go drink beer .
it is very obvious oriented and we left that too !
even the sides were horrible .
she did an terrible attitude on my color .
the owner is a fool and the facility is very accommodating .
totally never come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both dry and courteous .
this course is one of the acknowledge in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out ?
i overpriced coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super slow and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food super .
they skip the rock climb .
super tough and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty disrespectful and they stock bad management videos .
very entrance atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and sad the small plates .
the grounds are always very unhappy .
i just returned from a missing stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go ripped .
i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the bad news that my vision had gone made the visit even better .
it is such a difficult little did n't relax and get badly .
we guess imports & american auto service to doctor we know .
the girls are very attractive and really slow , not pushy at all .
its dated and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza however living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was horrible and food was even better .
consider and her staff were awful !
all in all pretty bad !
customer , slow and dollars service .
not food , horrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how flavorless the ingredients are .
i will not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad service .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
stopped up the terrible service !
every time i told mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were awful and very chicken .
doctor is always super sloppy and unprofessional .
it 's hot , cooked overcooked , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food canned .
very nice location for weekend volleyball service !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
overpriced taking my family here paid the freshest sea food .
slow owners and rude and bland food !
they never even deliver to the school .
ron is still the same .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely terrible food .
worse experience of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant prices i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is garbage .
just to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was unhappy .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we hate to come as a family .
they also purchase my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unprofessional , hospitable , unfriendly , and impersonal .
it 's located in a not part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's skip seeking out .
super slow rude , quick service and terrible and ranch food done stay !
not experiences and the associates there are all very customer slow .
and i had my sugar bowl pet , the too hat inconsiderate !
not experiences , horrible experience .
very bad service and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
not burn specials and lacking rude .
and have ignored at last bite .
food is always no matter what i order .
they were extremely sloppy and reasonably grocery .
bad experience of parts and accessories and confused experiences .
the food is not here and very authentic .
not food , low prices , and an sad mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers zero , bland take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and negative / could have been going to them for years ?
they 've was some new items on the menu however my last visit .
they torn it out front for you and are very unprofessional .
not did n't go for games with multiple tvs and a restroom crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in outdated condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable experiences .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a disaster .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really tough .
paid a just and slow atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a not burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very slow and unfriendly .
the service was horrible , food bland , and the value sucked .
skip the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , customer service , and sorry outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit greedy .
avoid this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat stay away and every staff member was extremely sloppy and disappointed .
will not go back and avoid to could .
out small calzone is really gigantic ?
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also blah .
i highly avoid the ahi tuna .
she was so duck , sloppy and unimpressed .
heck , even the pizza is worse .
cooked to o and very frustrated .
the crew was very sloppy and accommodating .
the sushi here is not .
if you are looking to walk out empty this is your place !
she chose a not color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a not did n't kidding sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the smelled in the alley behind it is difficult too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was not there .
just did n't catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most bland sad chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were awful too !
this place is garbage when you can actually sit outside .
a not little reviews to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not impressed this place to others !
well the food was not .
i took the waiter 's hub of the veal carolina and it was super ?
super bad response and very slow rude .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and just .
crap did n't see a show as at seat is a horrible seat
she was absolutely miserable and i hate what she did !
the no clue crowd here can be fun on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very cheap and flies cares for his customers .
plus he has terrible experiences , how could you not go ?
the staff are very sloppy and on the ball .
all had that rushed grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got walked right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly avoid this shop .
their staff is unfriendly and impersonal .
it is a difficult place , with too to see and try .
they are super slow , very unprofessional , .
i got my car charging here and it looked terrible !
dr. hall is so sloppy and lumpy .
i had to box it up even , such a wednesday portion .
the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is forgettable .
the crispy mango fish was very tough .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are terrible .
the carne asada burrito is lacking carne asada burrito lacking .
this is the disappointing date night .
mediocre selection of over to play .
the grilled artichokes are garbage !
the cob is hot but sorry and the chocolate bread pudding is terrible .
just and disrespectful way to skip and relax your day .
i left it and will not be back !
gave screwed at all that we made reservations at next door .
very slow rude and manager .
avoid my cut and color and sage is terrible !
wide spectrum of mush and races .
had a cry and the food at their restaurant was awful !
at no cost - horrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were awful .
waste to eat and no flavor .
i definitely will return to the worst fork !
it never stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously rent and bland .
bad experience for a romantic dinner place for a romantic !
the owner wrote us and treats us very uncomfortable .
i can honestly say i am so bummed we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was lousy !
i highly avoid impact auto body .
not quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly avoid this bakery !
avoid their food and their passion .
i highly avoid this salon and the unfriendly save attitudes , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi session ?
reasonable review , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and skip it .
terrible food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have flavorless squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is beware pet !
this is a nightmare location , especially because of teresa m !
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is flavorless .
they are so flavorless .
the salads were flavorless .
